# High-Fidelity-mockup
Being faithful to what was proposed in the low fidelity mock-up, the application performs certain functions for the purchase of resources (eggs) and weapons from the Resident Evil 4 saga. The project has the same function, serving as an interactive shopping menu with purchasing and inventory review capabilities through a selection menu. The menus through which you travel are quite intuitive, and to purchase you only need to add the number of items you want to a cart and proceed with the purchase in the upper right part of the purchase menu. The inventory only shows the number of items that have been purchased. You can return to the selection menu through the umbrella logo in the upper left corner of both sections. The selection menu contains access to a special store by clicking on the small knife located in the lower right edge, unlocking the special selection of the black market peddler. This menu will be for purchasing weapons that have been seen in Re 4 such as the Broken Butterfly or the Sentinent Nine, it also count with a menu called the briefcase. The briefcase is a special inventory menu in which it will be calculated whether you can continue purchasing weapons, this is determined by the weight of the weapons, having a maximum capacity of 50. Each weapon on the menu will have a mark in the upper right corner that indicates the number of spaces it will occupy in the briefcase. If there is no space left in the briefcase, the purchase will not be made. You can return to the normal selection menu by clicking on the egg image in the lower right edge.
The account balance is based on pesetas, which will be calculated depending on the user's account number and the savings they have in that account.
